Update with nvm + node install (#1392)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/16.0/get-started/local.md

Finally, install [node](https://nodejs.org/):

```
nvm install 16
nvm use 16
```

> See the [vtadmin README](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/f928f8a211bf352a4272eed84e76bb064df154c2/web/vtadmin/README.md) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [vtadmin README](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/blob/release-16.0/web/vtadmin/README.md) for more details.
```

Finally, install [node](https://nodejs.org/):

```

> nvm install --lts 16

Reviewer: Has `--lts` here whereas we don't elsewhere.
